Let's mess around.
What are you guys doing?
Secretary Su is not an escort lady
Not us.
It was Secretary Su who wanted to drink with me
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Let's go
Come and drink
Keep drinking
It's too much.
Hey, haha.
I think Mr. Fan
It has a special relationship with this secretary, eh?
Oh, dear.
How can you drink like that?
Don't think about me at all?
Stop talking nonsense
It's not because you drink too much and your body is too bad
Well, you can't drink like that either.
Did you know that you almost got trampled on oil just now?
Oops so what so what
You are using my body now
You are a girl
If you don't protect yourself, who will protect you?
Yeah, it was so noisy.
I'm not scolding you.
I care about you.
Don't you feel bad after drinking so much by yourself?
I see. It starts tomorrow.
I'm going to teach you a little female self-defense
You have to learn!
Otherwise, I won't cooperate.
What are you doing?
Van Dassen, that's my room
You're sitting on the floor